c:\users\vyatkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\bin\Debug\WpfSqlLite.exe.config
c:\users\vyatkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\bin\Debug\opers.db
c:\users\vyatkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\bin\Debug\WpfSqlLite.exe
c:\users\vyatkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\bin\Debug\WpfSqlLite.pdb
c:\users\vyatkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\vyatkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\vyatkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\vyatkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\vyatkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\vyatkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\vyatkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\vyatkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
c:\users\vyatkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\obj\Debug\WpfSqlLite.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vyatkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\vyatkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\vyatkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\obj\Debug\WpfSqlLite_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\vyatkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\obj\Debug\WpfSqlLite_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\vyatkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\vyatkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\obj\Debug\WpfSqlLite.g.resources
c:\users\vyatkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\obj\Debug\WpfSqlLite.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\vyatkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\obj\Debug\WpfSqlLite.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\vyatkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\obj\Debug\WpfSqlLite.exe
c:\users\vyatkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\obj\Debug\WpfSqlLite.pdb
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Downloads\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\bin\Debug\opers.db
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Downloads\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\bin\Debug\WpfSqlLite.exe.config
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Downloads\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\bin\Debug\WpfSqlLite.exe
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Downloads\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\bin\Debug\WpfSqlLite.pdb
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Downloads\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Downloads\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Downloads\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Downloads\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Downloads\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Downloads\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Downloads\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Downloads\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Downloads\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\obj\Debug\WpfSqlLite.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Downloads\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\obj\Debug\WpfSqlLite.csproj.SuggestedBindingRedirects.cache
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Downloads\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Downloads\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Downloads\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\obj\Debug\WpfSqlLite_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Downloads\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\obj\Debug\WpfSqlLite_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Downloads\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Downloads\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\obj\Debug\WpfSqlLite.g.resources
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Downloads\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\obj\Debug\WpfSqlLite.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Downloads\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\obj\Debug\WpfSqlLite.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Downloads\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\obj\Debug\WpfSqlLite.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Downloads\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\obj\Debug\WpfSqlLite.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Downloads\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\obj\Debug\WpfSqlLite.exe
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Downloads\WpfSqlLite\WpfSqlLite\obj\Debug\WpfSqlLite.pdb
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Source\Repos\WpfTestTaskSql\WpfSqlLite\bin\Debug\opers.db
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Source\Repos\WpfTestTaskSql\WpfSqlLite\bin\Debug\WpfSqlLite.exe.config
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Source\Repos\WpfTestTaskSql\WpfSqlLite\bin\Debug\WpfSqlLite.exe
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Source\Repos\WpfTestTaskSql\WpfSqlLite\bin\Debug\WpfSqlLite.pdb
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Source\Repos\WpfTestTaskSql\WpfSqlLite\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Source\Repos\WpfTestTaskSql\WpfSqlLite\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Source\Repos\WpfTestTaskSql\WpfSqlLite\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Source\Repos\WpfTestTaskSql\WpfSqlLite\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Source\Repos\WpfTestTaskSql\WpfSqlLite\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Source\Repos\WpfTestTaskSql\WpfSqlLite\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Source\Repos\WpfTestTaskSql\WpfSqlLite\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Source\Repos\WpfTestTaskSql\WpfSqlLite\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Source\Repos\WpfTestTaskSql\WpfSqlLite\obj\Debug\WpfSqlLite.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Source\Repos\WpfTestTaskSql\WpfSqlLite\obj\Debug\WpfSqlLite.csproj.SuggestedBindingRedirects.cache
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Source\Repos\WpfTestTaskSql\WpfSqlLite\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Source\Repos\WpfTestTaskSql\WpfSqlLite\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Source\Repos\WpfTestTaskSql\WpfSqlLite\obj\Debug\WpfSqlLite_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Source\Repos\WpfTestTaskSql\WpfSqlLite\obj\Debug\WpfSqlLite_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Source\Repos\WpfTestTaskSql\WpfSqlLite\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Source\Repos\WpfTestTaskSql\WpfSqlLite\obj\Debug\WpfSqlLite.g.resources
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Source\Repos\WpfTestTaskSql\WpfSqlLite\obj\Debug\WpfSqlLite.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Source\Repos\WpfTestTaskSql\WpfSqlLite\obj\Debug\WpfSqlLite.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Source\Repos\WpfTestTaskSql\WpfSqlLite\obj\Debug\WpfSqlLite.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Source\Repos\WpfTestTaskSql\WpfSqlLite\obj\Debug\WpfSqlLite.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Source\Repos\WpfTestTaskSql\WpfSqlLite\obj\Debug\WpfSqlLite.exe
C:\Users\TacWerewolf\Source\Repos\WpfTestTaskSql\WpfSqlLite\obj\Debug\WpfSqlLite.pdb
